
## Procedure for creating input files for running ANSYS CFX solver using the FSI wrapper

ANSYS CFX solver needs the following inputs:

1.) .cfx and .def files
<pre>
These two files contain the information about the mesh, the fluid properties, boundary conditions, time steps etc.
Use ANSYS Workbench to generate these two files.
</pre>

3.) .ccl file
<pre>
This file is used to modify the boundary conditions and material properties from one step to the other. A new .ccl file will be generated at every time step with the updated interface displacement and velocity.

For generating this file, a test simulation needs to performed in ANSYS CFX, once the mesh and all other properties are set. The information from the output file needs to be stored in 

cclfile_data_part1.dat, cclfile_data_part2.dat ... files 

which will be read to write a combined .ccl file that will be passed as an input argument to CFX solver.
</pre>

with changes to the material or boundary conditions to be used input to CFX solver

4.) .cse file
<pre>
This file is used for extracting forces on the solid surface using CFX Post processor.

The procedure is the same as that of generating .ccl file. A .cse file needs to be generated by performing force calcualtion operations manually in CFX Post and recodring the steps. Later, this .cse file needs to be stored in 

csefile_data_part1.dat, csefile_data_part2.dat ... files 

which will be read to write a combined .cse file that will be passed as an input argument to CFX Post.
</pre>